{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2745
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Search Twitter\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
**Please check the important notes section for the latest updates**\
\
Welcome to the "Search Twitter" app repository \'96 a dynamic tool designed for in-depth analysis and visualization of Twitter data. This R-based application harnesses the power of Twitter's API and  to provide users with rich insights into Twitter trends and user behaviors.\
\

\f0\b Key Features
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 User Tweet Analysis
\f1\b0 : Analyzes up to 3,200 recent tweets from a specified Twitter user, offering insights into their most popular tweets, frequent words, and hashtags used.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Data Extraction
\f1\b0 : Utilizes the 'rtweet' package for efficient extraction of data directly from Twitter's database, ensuring a comprehensive and up-to-date analysis.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Multi-Faceted Insights
\f1\b0 : From categorizing tweets into themes (like "Climate Advocate" for environmental activists) to identifying the most discussed topics, the app dives deep into the content of Twitter conversations.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Tweet Finder
\f1\b0 : A specialized feature for identifying tweets containing specific words. This function is particularly useful for content monitoring and media analysis.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Sentiment Analysis
\f1\b0 : Evaluates the sentiment of tweets, providing a monthly breakdown of positive or negative connotations in the user's Twitter activity.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 User Interface
\f1\b0 :\
The app presents an intuitive interface with various widgets displaying different aspects of Twitter data:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Follower Counts and Tweet Analysis
\f1\b0 : Displays basic stats like number of followers, and categorizes tweets vs retweets.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Activity Insights
\f1\b0 : Showcases metrics such as the most active hours of the user and the platforms predominantly used for tweeting.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Interactive Graphs
\f1\b0 : Includes a 'Word Usage Over Time' graph and a sentiment analysis graph for deeper content exploration.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Wordcloud Visualization
\f1\b0 : Offers a visual representation of the most frequently used words in the user's tweets.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Usage
\f1\b0 :\
To use the app, enter a Twitter username (without the '@' symbol). The app processes this input to render detailed visuals and analytics, which may take a few moments.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Limitations
\f1\b0 :\
Please note that the analysis is limited to the latest 3,200 tweets per user, which may affect the comprehensiveness of insights for less active Twitter accounts.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Important Notes
\f1\b0 :\
Update 03/2023: \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Changes in Twitter API Policy
\f1\b0 : Following the acquisition of Twitter,  now known as 'X', there have been significant changes to the Twitter API policies. Notably, free users are now limited to accessing only 1,000 tweets. This change impacts the depth of analysis our app can offer. While the app initially analyzed up to 3,200 recent tweets from a user, this limit has been reduced to 1,000 tweets in accordance with the new policy. Users may notice that some sections of the app are less comprehensive than before due to this limitation.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Discontinuation of the Corpus Package
\f1\b0 : The 'corpus' package, previously a key component of our app, has been discontinued. Consequently, it now requires installation from a local library. Users looking to utilize this app will need to manually install the 'corpus' package from a local source. Instructions for this process are provided in the installation guide.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\b\fs26 Privacy and Access Keys
\f1\b0 : In the interest of privacy and security, the source code provided in this repository does not include the access keys required for the Twitter API. Users will need to obtain their own API keys by registering for a Twitter developer account. This process is straightforward and can be completed on the Twitter developer platform.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Update 05/2022:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The app requires reloading for new username inputs to optimize performance.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Users may encounter errors for invalid or non-existent usernames, or if the specified account has no tweets.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\f2\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 Some visualizations might not cover each month due to the limitation of 3,200 tweets.\
}